[doc] [example] Example of a setup with multiple workspaces. (#611)
ejgallego/coq-lsp: examples/multiple_workspaces/README.md

# Multiple workspaces setup

## How to run it:

Try to load the `example.code-workspace` file in VSCode.

You may need to compile the right `.vo` files for the imports to
work. You can do that with the `Save VO command`; as of now, `coq-lsp`
will require you do this before opening the depending files.

`coq-lsp` will take care of this automatically in the next version,
including the auto-update. You can also do:

```sh
$ coqc -R bar bar bar/barx.y
$ coqc -R foo foo foo/foox.y
```

## `coq-lsp` workspace documentation

> For each workspace added to a project, `coq-lsp` will try to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can add multiple folders to a workspace — for instance via the "Add Folder to Workspace" command (or [alternatives](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces#_adding-folders)).
For each folder added to a workspace, `coq-lsp` will try to configure
```

https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces

Reviewer: That is, we should probably stick to the same terms as VsCode docs, and the above is an attempt.

Author: Yes, thanks a lot for the suggestions, indeed we need to improve the wording in the line you suggested.
